Who is your woman?
Zhao Bin, I am a simp
As soon as you lick me, I'll be with you
It's his brain
Sister, I'm all for your own good.
He wants a house, no house, no car, no car
He's a piece of crap.
Ruin me, it's you who should carry me
Don't you know what kind of person Lin Zhiyu is?
No matter how ordinary he is, he is not something you can compare to
Wu Xue, let's go
Li Siyu, are you shameless?
What am I doing?
You are not him when did he become you
Du Xue follow me
I bought a guitar and went to find him in my underwear
Lu Xuan, what's so good about underwear in the new district?
Do you want to see when
Who wants to see you wearing those dogs?
Brother Lu Xuan, let's go, Brother Lu Xuan
Let's go, brother Lu Xuan
Let's go, Brother Lu Xuan, let's go, Brother Lu Xuan
Hey don't do that
I was turned in half, and the video is behind.
It's my fault, where can I steal it? I'll rub it for you.
I'm talking to you
That old man is air
Isn't that amazing?
Just right. Just right.
It's all my fault
Doctor, just hit me
You didn't hear what I said
My father is the head of Hong Kong history books
Believe it or not
I made him disappear from this world with a single phone call
You try it.